feat(config): change onboardingNoDeps from `boolean` to `enum` (#28133)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-configuration.md

## onboardingNoDeps

> The default setting is `auto`.
> Renovate generates an onboarding PR when dependencies are found.
> To force an onboarding PR even without dependencies, set it to `enabled`.
> If `autodiscoverRepositories` is diabled, this setting is automatically switched to `enabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `auto` setting is converted to `disabled` if `autodiscoverRepositories` is `true`, or converted to `enabled` if false.

In other words, the default behavior is:

- If you run Renovate on all discovered repositories then it will skip those without any dependencies detected, but
- If you run Renovate on _specific_ repositories then Renovate will onboard all such repositories even if no dependencies are found
```

## onboardingNoDeps

The default `auto` setting is converted to `disabled` if `autodiscoverRepositories` is `true`, or converted to `enabled` if false.

In other words, the default behavior is:

> - If you run Renovate on all discovered repositories then it will skip those without any dependencies detected, but
> - If you run Renovate on _specific_ repositories then Renovate will onboard all such repositories even if no dependencies are found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you run Renovate on discovered repositories then it will skip onboarding those without dependencies detected, but
- If you run Renovate on _specific_ repositories then Renovate will onboard all such repositories even if no dependencies are found
```
